---
title: "2025 Unwrapped"
date: 2025-12-29
categories: [Life]
tags: [Life]
canonical_url: ""
image: https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1730829807423-83b045bd6cfd?q=80&w=1074&auto=format&fit=crop&ixlib=rb-4.1.0&ixid=M3wxMjA3fDB8MHxwaG90by1wYWdlfHx8fGVufDB8fHx8fA%3D%3D
description: Long Story

---

# 2025

You know this year was all drama and pure chaos.

I’ve always started my year in church at least for the last seven years. This time, though, I might do things a bit differently. Maybe just chill, meditate, and celebrate my birthday in silence.

---

## January

January was calm and chill.

I literally start a new year every year on January 1st, my birthday. Sometimes my birthday gets overshadowed by the New Year celebrations, but this time my favorite niece surprised me with a cake. I almost shed a tear. Everything was fun until their evil plan to wash me came out. I was trembling.

The next day, my cousin took me out for a lunch date, and we went together with my brother. Simple moments, but they meant a lot.

We resumed work in the second week and have pretty much been locked in since, with just a few off days here and there. Professionally, this year has been transformational. I’ve had the privilege of working with some really great minds. Overall, work has pushed me, stretched me, and shaped me in ways I didn’t expect.

---

## Bitcoin

Early in the year, I got a gig just to evangelize Bitcoin. Twas nice while it lasted.


---

## Travel

I traveled a lot this year. Mostly locally.

I did Vasha for the Safari Rally, and we had a great time with the boys. I explored the Mt. Kenya region about three times. I also did Malindi and Kilifi.

I love the beach. Always have, always will.

---

## Maandamanos

Our government almost turned me into a freedom fighter.

I attended most of the major maandamanos that happened this year. It was scary, but it felt necessary to be there.
RIP to all the souls that were lost. 🕊️

---

## Mental Health, Gym, and Two Wheels

This year was a full roller coaster of emotions but we made it through.

I tried therapy and realized I didn’t really need it. Hard to explain, but I was just deep in my own head. What *did* help was the gym. It’s not therapy but it’s close. After every workout, I feel like I’m on top of the world.

I also started cycling, and honestly, it’s been one of the best decisions I’ve made. Hoping to upgrade that beast soon.

---

## Things I Didn’t Finish (Yet)

I wanted to learn a musical instrument… but nothing happened.
I’m pushing that to next year maybe guitar lessons.

My neighbors will hate me if they don’t already.

---

## Writing, Content, and Consumption

I blogged a lot this year and I’m hoping to be even more consistent. Beyond technical writing, I want to push more of the raw and unfiltered side of my life and thoughts.

No week passed without me listening to a podcast. I consume *a lot* of content on YouTube. Crazy stats. I also clocked **36K+ minutes on Spotify**. Man, I love music.

I read **five books** this year and I’m aiming to do better next year. Reading has definitely helped how I converse and express myself.

---

## Relationships & Dust Season

Relationship-wise… I saw dust. A lot of dust.

Dust is constant. Next year, *najihami na barakoa*.

That said, I’m grateful for the solid relationships I have with famo, hommies, friends, and colleagues. They make life livable.

---

## Social Media, Gaming, and Indoors Life

I’m always on X scrolling, this app is crack for online bandits. Then there’s IG Reels, where I also spend a good amount of time. I’ve moved most of my conversations to those platforms.

Gaming-wise: Chess and Call of Duty. I recently got a PS4, and honestly, I don’t think you’ll find me outside on weekends in 2026 unless MJ is performing.

---

## Closing Thoughts

I think that’s really it.

Next year, we move big.
Cheers to all the wins and losses. It doesn’t get easier you just get stronger.

Happy New Year in advance. 🥂✨